Royal news: How Princess Beatrice "reacted with fury at hostile family members"
On Thursday, The Duke and Duchess of York announced that their eldest daughter, Princess Beatrice, is engaged to her boyfriend, the 34-year old property tycoon Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. 
The Princess, who is ninth-in-line to the throne, will tie the knot with Mr Mapelli Mozzi next year. 
The couple said in a statement: "We are both so excited to be embarking on this life adventure together.
We share so many similar interests and values, and we know that this will stand us in great stead for the years ahead, full of love and happiness.
Princess Beatrice's parents, Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, also shared their excitement.
The Duchess of York wrote on Twitter: " I know what a mother feels so I have tears of joy.
 I am so proud of this sensational news.
Andrew and I are just the luckiest people ever to have two great sons in law.
The royal wedding will be another occasion for the entire Royal Family to get together, and hopefully completely repair Fergie's relationship with the Duke of Edinburgh.
Since Sarah was embroiled in one of the Royal Family's biggest ever scandals, her relationship with the rest of the members has been extremely difficult.
Five months after announcing she was separating from Prince Andrew in 1992, compromising photographs of her with her "financial advisor" were taken at her holiday villa in St Tropez.
The snaps appeared to show Texan millionaire John Bryan kissing and sucking the Duchess" toes and the arch of her foot, and Prince Philip in particular, is said to have had the strongest reaction to her daughter-in-law's scandalous antics.
However, his behaviour was reportedly "appalling" towards the Duchess of York, and Princess Beatrice once claimed her mother was the victim of "mean spirited actions to make her feel unwelcome."
JUST IN: Kate and William behind closed doors: Couple's shock habit exposed
The report noted that the Duchess" spokesman was unable to comment on the claims, but a friend of Fergie was quoted as saying: "It is no secret that Sarah's daughters are pretty fed up by the way their mother has been treated by some members of the Royal Family.
Some of the bills she has been sent have been pretty miserly.
They are constantly berating their father for allowing it to happen and Beatrice in particular has been imploring Prince Andrew to see that their mother is not treated as an outcast."
Philip and Sarah were pictured for the first time together in 26 years at Princess Eugenie's wedding to Jack Brooksbank last October.
Dog control laws to be reviewed in government consultation
Dog control laws in Scotland are being reviewed amid concerns about out-of-control animals and irresponsible owners.
A consultation has been launched by the Scottish Government seeking the public's views.
Scotland's Community Safety Minister pledged to "keep communities safe from irresponsible owners," with reviews to determine whether laws for out-of-control dogs need changing.
Ash Denham MSP said: "We are holding two reviews into dog control legislation because we are absolutely determined to help keep communities safe from irresponsible owners and their out-of-control dogs.
This consultation seeks views on improvements on how the Control of Dogs Act 2010 can operate across Scotland, and next year we will take a wider look at all dog control legislation to assess whether changes are needed.
Owning a dog brings with it certain responsibilities, including keeping your dog under effective control, and I encourage everyone with an interest in this area to respond to our consultation."
The consultation runs until January 15 and contains proposals to toughen and clarify the current legislation, including questioning whether a national dog control database should be created.
The Scottish Parliament's Post-Legislative Scrutiny Committee has been hearing evidence from victims and parents of children who have been attacked or killed by dogs, prompting the Government to review dog control laws.
MSPs were told the legislation needs urgent reform to protect vulnerable people and children.
The committee heard that, in Greater Glasgow and Clyde alone, there were 1,417 people arriving at A&E departments with dog-related injuries, 255 of them children, last year.
NHS Lanarkshire treated 912 people and NHS Ayrshire 439, both four-year highs.
In July, the committee's MSPs concluded current dog control legislation is not fit for purpose and called on the Scottish Government to undertake a comprehensive review of all dog-control laws.
Convener Jenny Marra said: "Dog law in Scotland is not fit for purpose. 
There are still far too many dog attacks on children and little enforcement or understanding of the current laws that might prevent these attacks.
It has become clear that current dog control law doesn't work.
It needs reform urgently so that out of control and dangerous dogs can be dealt with properly and we can try to move to a system that prevents our children being injured by dogs.
The consultation, launched on the Government's website on Friday, says: "Effective and consistent enforcement across Scotland is fundamental in helping address issues relating to out-of-control dogs.
This review is focused on steps that can be taken to help aid enforcement agencies such as local authorities, as they use their powers to help keep communities safe.
HSBC flips crime-spotting tool to scope new business
British bank HSBC (HSBA.L) has converted a financial crime-spotting algorithm it was forced to build in the wake of a money-laundering scandal into one that can scope out new business opportunities, bank executives said.
The system combines data on clients" banking activities, with public data on company ownership and directorships, to flag desirable potential clients to HSBC staff and offer ways to connect to them through existing relationships.
Using data and artificial intelligence to try and boost revenues is part of HSBC's broader push to squeeze more out of its large physical network and client data, a key priority for interim Chief Executive Noel Quinn.
It's one of the first commercial uses of investment in financial crime prevention, and the business we're getting in this way is inherently lower risk and quicker to win, said Stuart Nivison, HSBC's global head of client network banking.
HSBC declined to comment on how much it expects to make from the new system but said the broader "network income" initiative has already yielded hundreds of millions of dollars in additional revenue.
The drive is an important part of the bank's efforts to defend its global presence at a time when some analysts and investors are saying it should shrink or exit markets like the United States where it makes returns below its cost of capital.
HSBC was forced to invest hundreds of millions of dollars in financial crime compliance as part of a $1.9 billion settlement in 2012 with U.S. authorities over the bank's failure to prevent money laundering by drug cartels though its Mexican unit.
The system works by mapping individual customers" and companies ties to each other and then looking for unusual patterns of transactions or unearthing previously unknown connections between those entities.
That system has already freed up more than 400 staff to go from manually checking transactions and records to client-facing roles where they can spend time helping customers, said Adrian Rigby, chief operating officer of HSBC's trade business.
HSBC's Nivison said the lightbulb moment was realizing the tool could be repurposed to look for "green flags" of attractive potential clients rather than "red flags" of wrongdoing.
We took our customer dataset and combined it with (Britain's) Companies House data and turned the algorithm around to look for attractiveness in a client, whether that be through sector, growth of the company, and connection to existing clients, Nivison said.
The tool has mapped 22.5 million entities and people in Britain, and can identify in three minutes a network of connections that a staff member would have taken three hours to map out manually, he said.
Khloe Kardashian's cheating ex Tristan Thompson leaves ANOTHER desperate comment on her Instagram pic after rumours he wants her back
KHLOE Kardashian's cheating ex Tristan Thompson has left ANOTHER desperate comment on her Instagram page following rumours that he wants her back.
The 35-year-old star dumped the NBA player for good earlier this year after he was accused of cheating on her with family friend Jordyn Woods - having previously cheated when she was nine months pregnant with their daughter, True.
Tristan was spotted leaving another gushing compliment on Khloe's Instagram page
However, 28-year-old Tristan is refusing to give up without a fight - leaving a cringeworthy compliment on his ex's latest selfie.
In the blurred snap, Khloe is stood in front of the rising sun, with the mum-of-one captioning the pic: "May you have the courage to explore every dream you dream."
Publicly commenting, Tristan wrote: "The sun is shining bright on a beautiful [diamond emoji]."
Fans were outraged by the remark, with one replying: "Yeah, a diamond that you DROPPED."
Tristan cheated on Khloe when she was nine months pregnant
Another advised: "Just get off Instagram."
A third wrote: "Don't fall for it Khloe."
It comes just days after Tristan wrote: "Perfection" alongside the heart eye emojis underneath one of the reality stars other photos, which saw her modelling for Guess Jeans.
Earlier this month, The Sun revealed that Tristan bought Khloe a £400,000 Porsche in a bid to win her back - on the advice of Drake.
He was then accused of cheating again earlier this year - with Kardashian family friend Jordyn Woods
He settled on the grovelling gift, thought to be a 911, after being urged to pull a "power move" by his rapper pal.
As a result, pals said Tristan even won an invite from Khloe to a 'Taco Tuesday' dinner at her mansion - bringing him one step closer to a reunion with the reality star and their 17-month-old daughter True.
A source said: "Tristan is good pals with Drake and has been using him as a sounding board as he plots his return to the Kardashian fold.
Khloe was left heartbroken by Tristan's infidelity
Drake told him to pull out all the stops if he wanted to win Khloe back.
An invite to a casual dinner might not sound like a reasonable trade off for a sleek supercar.
But after what Tristan did, he can't expect Khloe to roll out the red carpet for him.
The pair are mum and dad to 17-month-old True
Khloe Kardashian breaks down in tears and screams at cheating boyfriend Tristan Thompson in new Keeping Up With The Kardashians series 16 trailer
The Sun revealed last month that Tristan planned to invite Khloe on a romantic trip to Greece after vowing: "I will get my family back."
Khloe has been left heartbroken by Tristan's repeated cheating throughout their romance, but still invited him to their daughter True's first birthday party earlier this year.
However, the star's family reality show Keeping Up With The Kardashians later showed that the event ended with Khloe in tears as she struggled to come to terms with his infidelity.
Adorable pictures show new-born rhino nuzzling her mother and exploring new home
Baby Stella was welcomed into the world at Cotswold Wildlife Park, Oxfordshire, earlier this month and is the first female born to parents Monty and Ruby.
The youngster, who is healthy and nursing well, can be seen wondering about her enclosure before resting alongside her mother on a bed of straw.
Mother Ruby joined the wildlife park in 2009 alongside another female called Nancy in the hope that one would produce the park's first ever calf with Monty.
Nancy then gave birth to a female named Astrid in 2013, with Stella being the third female calf born at the park in its 49-year history.
Jamie Craig, curator of Cotswold Wildlife Park, said: 'We have had tremendous success with our current rhino herd.
Stella is the sixth youngster from Nancy and Ruby and our bull, Monty, has proved to be an excellent dad.
'He is the perfect combination of a dominant bull and caring patriarch.
It is particularly satisfying that Ruby has produced a female calf - these are vital for the development of the breeding programme and Stella will eventually move to another collection to hopefully become a successful mother herself.'
Ruby has had two boys before, Ian in 2015 and Alan in 2017.
Alan is still at the park whilst Ian is in Torino Zoo in Italy
When Alan was just one-week old he weighed around eleven stone.
Births in captivity are considered extremely rare.
Females only reproduce every two-and-a-half to five years, so the window of opportunity for successful reproduction is limited.
According to the park, a typical gestation period lasts between sixteen to eighteen months, after which a single calf is born.
It is considered the longest gestation periods of any land mammal, surpassed only by the twenty-two month gestation period of an Elephant.
A newborn Rhino calf will stand up within one hour of birth.
Once born, the calf will immediately attempt to suckle, although he or she may be a little unsteady on their feet for the first few days.
It will remain under the watchful eye of the mother, suckling from her for approximately one year.
Their bond is an intensely strong one and the calf will remain with its mother for at least two years, benefiting from her protection.
Females guard their offspring aggressively and are intimidating adversaries if challenged.
Serena Williams Fined $10,000 For Allegedly Damaging Wimbledon Court
Serena Williams, tennis legend and seven-time Wimbledon champion, is being fined $10,000 for allegedly damaging the London practice courts with her racquet.
The All England Club, which hosts the Wimbledon tournament, handed the fine to Williams after she reportedly caused damage during a practice round on the outside courts on June 30, according to The Associated Press and CNN.
The 37-year-old tennis star appeared to shrug off the fine while speaking to reporters after winning the quarterfinal round against Alison Riske on Tuesday.
I haven't really thought about it, to be honest, she said when asked about the fine.
I just threw my racquet.
I got fined.
Williams said she didn't know how that could've caused damage.
I mean, I guess if you could tell me, I would appreciate it, she told reporters.
I mean, I have always been an Avenger in my heart.
Maybe I'm super strong.
I don't know.
Williams is after her eighth Wimbledon title, which would be her 24th grand slam victory.
She is advancing to the singles semifinals on Thursday against Czech player Barbora Strýcová.
Williams was also fined a total of $17,000 last year after she defended herself against an umpire at the U.S. Open who accused her of illegally communicating with her coach during a match.
During that incident, the umpire issued three code violations to Williams: One for receiving illegal coaching, a second for breaking her tennis racket in frustration and a third after she confronted the umpire and called him a "thief."
Many of Williams" fans claimed that the umpire was unnecessarily harsh in his response to her, especially considering male players" meltdowns throughout the history of the sport.
Do you know how many other men do things that are much worse than that?
Williams told U.S. Open officials who entered the court during the match after her confrontation with the umpire.
Williams wasn't the only one who received a fine at this year's Wimbledon, though hers was the most costly.
Italian player Fabio Fognini was fined $3,000 for saying a "bomb should explode" at the tennis courts after he lost the third round to U.S. player Tennys Sandgren on Saturday.
Nick Kyrgios of Australia was hit with two fines ― one for $3,000 and a second for $5,000 ― for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Civility in Politics: New awards scheme set up to counter Westminster division and recognise politicians who show courtesy
A new awards scheme has been set up to recognise politicians who show courtesy in their work.
It comes after a divisive week in Westminster following the return of Parliament.
It was marked by threats against MPs and outrage over the language used by the likes of Prime Minister Boris Johnson.
To counter the division, the "Civility in Politics" awards were announced on Friday, with the politician of the year to be awarded £3,000 to give to charity.
Boris Johnson has been criticised for the tone of language he has used in the Commons chamber
Lord Stewart, announcing the awards, said: "Everyone agrees that politics in the UK is facing a crisis of trust and a crisis of civility.
As divisions and bitterness mount in the continuing debates around Brexit, we strongly believe that politics has to respond not by mirroring these trends, but by bucking them.
These awards are a small attempt by a group of people in public life - of different and no political persuasions - to shine a spotlight on politicians who argue their case with decency and civility, and are able to engage and work with people across the divides that affect us all."
Nominations will open on Saturday, with an award ceremony in March next year.
In an exclusive interview with the Standard, former Cabinet minister Amber Rudd today accused Mr Johnson of deploying aggressive language that "does incite violence."
Mr Johnson, for his part, said he "deplores" threats made against MPs.
Jess Phillips 'frightened' after receiving 'be afraid' death threats
On Thursday, Labour MP Jess Phillips - another one of those to have criticised Mr Johnson - said a man was arrested after trying to "kick the door" of her constituency office while reportedly shouting that she was a "fascist."
Liberal Democrat leader Jo Swinson, meanwhile, was speaking to police following threats made to one of her young children.
And in a viral Twitter thread, Ellie Cooper, the daughter of senior Labour MP Yvette Cooper, described her fears for her mother in the wake of Ms Cox's murder .
She accused Mr Johnson of "using language that helps incite violence toward MPs."
David Attenborough working on new documentary about animals and colour
David Attenborough is 93-years-old but the iconic nature guru is not slowing down just yet.
No, after the success of his groundbreaking Netflix documentary Our Planet, the much loved star is set to return with another series: Life In Colour.
This time, the father-of-two will look at how animals use colour in their lives through high-tech cameras that were built especially for the programme.
The BBC have revealed that the star aims to show "a world of colour normally invisible to human eyes" - and it sounds truly fascinating.
However, despite fans being eager for the upcoming release, it seems we all need to sit tight as it won't be dropping on our screens until 2021.
But we're sure it'll be worth the wait.
Earlier this month, David was presented with the TV Choice Lifetime Achievement Award, at the prestigious ceremony in London.
The national treasure has entertained millions over his career, which has so far spanned 60 years.
When collecting his gong, the reporter enthused: "Indeed.
What I do isn't always entertaining, and sometimes people hear things they don't like!
But this is an honour and a great pleasure.
TV Choice said of the winner: "Still working, learning and making programmes Sir David Attenborough isn't just a British hero, he's a global icon."
This week, David was celebrated once again as a polar research ship was named after him.
The star joined both Prince William and Kate for the naming ceremony in Cammell Laird shipyard in Birkenhead, Merseyside.
He said: "It's no news to any of you that the world is facing great, great problems and the most aware of that are the young people of today, who will inherit this world.
Great problems require great research and facts in order to solve them.
That's what this astonishing ship will be here to do, to find out the facts and find the science with which to deal with problems that are facing the world today and will increasingly do so tomorrow."
Life In Colour is expected to air on BBC Two in 2021, while it's said Netflix will retain global rights.
Ukraine scandal: Pelosi says Barr 'rogue'; former U.S. officials back investigation
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi accused U.S. Attorney General William Barr Friday of going "rogue" to protect President Donald Trump over his controversial phone call with Ukraine's leader, which has led to an impeachment inquiry.
The California Democrat's words follow a release of the complaint Thursday, which was submitted by an unidentified intelligence official to Intelligence Community Inspector General Michael Atkinson.
Atkinson turned it over to national intelligence director Joseph Maguire.
Barr is mentioned several times in the July 25 phone call, as is Trump attorney Rudolph Giuliani.
The complaint says White House officials were concerned enough that they attempted to "lock down" the record of the call.
[Barr has] gone rogue, Pelosi told MSNBC Friday.
I think where they're going is a cover-up of a cover-up.
I think it's sad, to have a Justice Department go so rogue.
Well, they have been for a while. And now it just makes matters worse.
Pelosi announced an official impeachment investigation this week after Trump acknowledged he'd withheld military aid to Ukraine.
The aid was ultimately granted, but House Democrats want to know whether there was any connection to the aid and Trump's asking Zelensky to investigate Hunter Biden, who worked for a Ukrainian gas company for five years.
Also Friday, nearly 300 former U.S. foreign policy and national security officials signed a letter supporting the impeachment investigation.
The coalition said Trump's actions constitute a "profound national security concern."
We applaud those members of Congress, including Speaker Pelosi, who have started us down that necessary path, the letter states.
President Trump appears to have leveraged the authority and resources of the highest office in the land to invite additional foreign interference into our democratic process.
That would constitute an unconscionable abuse of power.
It would also represent an effort to subordinate America's national interests -- and those of our closest allies and partners -- to the president's personal political interest.
Trump has denied there was any impropriety with the phone call.
Friday, he denounced the complainant and again said the call with Zelensky was a "perfect conversation"
Sounding more and more like the so-called whistle-blower isn't a whistle-blower at all, he tweeted.
In addition, all second-hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have been somebody else, a leaker or spy, feeding it to him or her?
A partisan operative?
Vice President Mike Pence also had interactions with Ukrainian leaders, the whistle-blower complaint shows, and he met with Zelensky in Poland earlier this month.
He said neither Joe Biden or Hunter Biden were discussed.
Three Scottish students named among Europe's best
Three University of Dundee students have been named regional winners as top graduates in Europe.
The University of Dundee students were named as top graduates in their respective fields in Europe in the 2019 Global Undergraduate Awards, whilst five other students from the same university were praised by the judges.
Scott Sheldrick, who graduated in Molecular Genetics, won the Europe award for Life Sciences, Chester Cornford studied MSc Mental Health Nursing and was awarded the Nursing, Midwifery & Allied Healthcare prize, whilst Lola Knibb won the Visual Arts award.
Although all three made it through to the global final, they lost out in the final round to strong competition from some of the 3,500 entrants from across the world.
Professor Blair Grubb, Vice-Principal (Education) at the University, said: "To get to this stage, our students and graduates faced competition from peers attending some of the world's top universities.
The Undergraduate Awards are fiercely contested by thousands of students around the world and it is a great reflection of the quality of our students, and the education they receive here, that Dundee is so strongly represented amongst the prize winners.
I would like to offer my warmest congratulations to Scott, Chester and Lola on this fantastic achievement, alongside the other Dundee representatives who were highly commended."
Another five students were commended in the world's leading undergraduate awards programme, which recognises top work completed by undergraduates to share this with a global audience.
Included in the five praised students were Nicholas Gallagher and James Osbourne (both Life Sciences), Ferenc Kohsuke Ishikawa Gutai (Medicine), Caitlyn Scott (Anatomical Sciences) and Waco Yokoyama (Philosophy).
The competition further celebrates top undergraduate coursework and helps create collaborations between students and recent graduates worldwide.
Thomas Cook pension trustees plot deal to salvage payouts
Thomas Cook's pension funds have kicked off talks with specialist insurers about a deal to salvage the collapsed travel group's retirement scheme benefits.
Sky News has learnt that Steve Southern, chair of the trustees, is holding talks with several parties about a buyout deal that would avoid most of Thomas Cook's 14,000 pension scheme members facing a steep cut to their payments.
Any deal with an insurer would be likely to involve a more modest cut to payouts than the 10% triggered by a pension scheme's transfer into the Pension Protection Fund (PPF) lifeboat.
The discussions are at a very preliminary stage and - even if successful - will not result in a deal until after the Thomas Cook schemes have been through an assessment by the PPF.
Thomas Cook bosses face investigation into what led to collapse
That period could take up to two years, and if the schemes do enter the PPF will result in roughly 10,000 future pensioners having their payouts cut by 10%.
Sources said that a number of pension risk transfer specialists, as well as at least one of the new "superfund" consolidation vehicles, were in talks with Thomas Cook's trustees about a deal.
News of the trustees' efforts to secure members' benefits comes four days after Britain's oldest tour operator ceased trading, sparking an international repatriation programme and triggering thousands of job losses.
Thomas Cook's descent into insolvency has sparked a bitter blame game, with board members, government ministers and auditors all facing demands to explain their actions in the months before its collapse.
The company's four pension schemes are well-funded, with a £100m surplus on a PPF basis, according to the latest figures.
Collectively, they hold assets worth about £1.5bn.
However, as Sky News revealed last month, the trustees' demands for better terms in Thomas Cook's proposed rescue deal added a further complication to efforts to get the transaction across the line.
Thomas Cook's liquidation brought to an end 178 years of solvent trading, prompting the launch of inquiries by the government's Insolvency Service, the accounting watchdog and an influential committee of MPs.
Ministers have established a taskforce to address the crisis, which has left creditors facing meagre returns from the post-insolvency sale of assets.
To date, just under half of Thomas Cook's overseas British customers have been flown home.
Its collapse came hours after Thomas Cook issued a last-gasp plea to its lenders to reduce a £200m funding demand.
What went so wrong for Thomas Cook?
The talks, which concluded without a deal on Sunday evening, represented a frantic last throw of the dice for a company which had been forced to seek more than £1bn in new funding following a £1.5bn half-year loss and deteriorating trading.
Thomas Cook was founded in 1841 by a 32-year-old cabinet-maker and former Baptist preacher who began offering one-day rail excursions from Leicester to Loughborough for a shilling.
From there, it went on to become one of the world's largest holiday companies, marking its 175th anniversary three years ago.
A PPF spokesperson said: "Insolvency events, like the liquidation of Thomas Cook, are exactly why the PPF was set up.
We are here to protect the financial futures of members belonging to defined benefit pension schemes and they should take comfort knowing we are here to protect them.
A spokesman for Thomas Cook's pension trustees declined to comment on Friday.
The Who STOP concert last night: Friday and Sunday shows CANCELLED
Rock legends The Who are on a major US tour.
In Houston, Texas, Roger Daltrey was forced to call off the concert less than halfway through.
The 75-year-old told the disappointed audience: "I think I should quit while I'm ahead."
The band had performed eight songs already but promised to try and return for another show one day in the future.
Watch the video of how it all unfolded on stage.
After playing classic 1982 track Eminence Front, Daltrey called it quits. 
he has struggled with vocal issues and apparently is under strict instructions from his surgeon.
The British star told the crowd he couldn't go on with the show: 
If I carry on trying to do what I'm doing for you, I'm going to damage myself.
I think I should quit while I'm ahead…
Last time, I ended up in hospital for a month and I'm not going there again. Sorry.
Pete Townshend explained what was going on to the audience: "It sounds like he cannot do any more, I'm afraid..."
The band left the stage, originally suggesting they would try to work out the rest of the set without Roger.
When he returned, Townsend said: "I'm really, really sorry.
Roger cannot actually speak now.
Apparently, before the show, he saw a doctor, and you know, he's been singing so f***ing great through this tour.
I don't know what the f*** is going on. 
He has been on top of his game.
I'm really sorry this has happened to you guys tonight…
I don't think there is much point trying to put anything together that makes any sense because this is Roger's show and he's not in good shape."
The crowd was completely supportive, cheering the 74-year-old as he explained what had happened and how the band hoped to return to honour their commitment to the show.
Townsend said; "We will publish a date for our return as soon as we can.
Let me explain one thing... 
We only do one day on, one day off.
This is because Roger's vocal surgeon insists he has a day off...
I swear to you we will come back and we will honour your tickets.
I love you so much and I'm sorry to let you down.
Following the show, the upcoming Friday and Sunday night concerts in Dallas and Denver were cancelled.
Their next show is on October 9 in San Francisco.
The band will open their UK tour in Manchester n March 16, 2020.
US deaths could result in Scottish ban on vaping and e-cigarette ads
A BAN on advertising for e-cigarettes and vaping products, is being considered by ministers.
The First Minister has confirmed that a consultation on the move would take place in "the coming months."
Nicola Sturgeon says that if evidence supports further moves over the sale of such products her Government would "not hesitate" to act.
It comes as it emerged a vaping-related illness had claimed two more lives, bringing the total number of fatalities to 11.
Vaping - which involves inhaling a mix typically made of nicotine, water, solvents and flavours - is seen as an alternative to smoking which can help you quit, but its safety is still not entirely known.
But in the US, more than 500 people are known to have fallen ill with a mysterious lung disease after smoking e-cigarettes.
Officials said hundreds of additional cases had been reported in the past week alone.
The first deaths in Florida and Georgia were announced on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Currently 38 states have recorded cases of the illness, with lives lost in eight states.
While most patients have reported a history of using products containing THC, the psychoactive compound in cannabis, the patient who died in Georgia on Wednesday reported only "heavy nicotine vaping."
The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has more than 100 officials investigating the cause of the mystery illness, and has warned citizens against smoking e-cigarette products until more is known, particularly if modified or bought "off the street."
The First Minister has confirmed the Scottish Government was monitorigin developments in the US and elsewhere "closely," following the loss of life that has been attributed to vaping.
She pointed out that to date they have not seen any cases of deaths attributed to vaping being reported in Europe.
Our approach has been a precautionary one, which is why in Scotland we have already taken the strictest regulatory approach in Europe to vapour products, she said.
The European tobacco products directive restricts the advertising of e-cigarettes and ensures that e-liquids cannot contain ingredients that are known to be harmful.
The directive also limits the concentration of nicotine in e-liquids.
In Scotland, we have also introduced a retail register and a mandatory age verification scheme and we have funded trading standards departments in all council areas to ensure that retailers comply with the regulations.
In the coming months, we will consult on introducing a complete ban on the advertising and promotion of vapour products."
She added: "It is important to stress, and for all of us to remember, that those devices are relatively new and, therefore, their impact continues to be studied.
We do not yet fully understand what that impact is, which is why the approach that we have taken has been very cautious.
That is perhaps a reason why e-cigarette use remains relatively low in Scotland.
We remain committed to following the best evidence to take any steps necessary to ensure that people are protected from potential harm.
While we already have among the strictest regimes on those products, if the evidence shows that further action is needed... we will not hesitate to take it.
School strikers around the world march to demand action on climate
Children around the world launched another wave of school strikes demanding action on climate change Friday, in their first major action since the issue topped world leader's agenda at the United Nations this week.
The Fridays for Future movement that began as a lone demonstration by Swedish teen Greta Thunbergjust over a year ago has mushroomed, with millions of students taking to the streets of cities like New Yorkand attracting attention in developing nations across Africa.
Some of the first protests began in New Zealand, where Thunberg saidorganizers estimated 170,000 people marched across the country.
There were also marches in cities in Italy, Finland, Nigeria, Austria and India, among other countries.
Friday's protest followed a week of climate talks at the United Nations in New York, which included a scathing speech by Thunbergto world leaders reprimanding them for inaction.
You have stolen my dreams and my childhood with your empty words, she said on Tuesday.
The eyes of all future generations are upon you and if you choose to fail us, I say we will never forgive you.
Citing a U.N.-backed reportreleased last year, demonstrators are demanding governments implement measures to prevent global temperatures from rising more than 2.7 degrees, which scientists warn result in dire consequences for human life and the planet.
Thunberg and the young people she has inspired say they will not stop their weekly classroom walkouts until they see a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions responsible for climate change.
In Nigeria's capital Abuja, Oladosu Adenike marked her 46th consecutive strike on Friday.
The activist posted images on Twitter of students dressed in blue school uniforms carrying banners with messages, "Climate change is real" and "We don't have time."
In Lausanne, Switzerland, where hundreds of climate strike organizers gatheredin August planning for this week's events, thousands of people marched through the city, according to local reports.
Thousands more were expected to take to the streets of Helsinki, Finland, where local media reportedthat the city's school would allow students to participate.
Thunberg, who remains in North America following her visit to the U.N., was scheduled to participate in climate strikes in Montreal, Canada.
Man set alight on doorstep 'in targeted attack'
A man has been set alight on his doorstep in what police believe is a targeted attack.
The 48-year-old was soaked in flammable liquid, believed to be petrol, before bursting into flames outside his home in Skelmersdale, West Lancashire.
He is in hospital in a critical but stable condition after suffering serious burns.
Police have launched an attempted murder inquiry after they were called to the man's house at about 1am on Thursday.
Detective Chief Inspector Pauline Stables, leading the investigation, said: "This is a horrific incident which has left a man in a very poorly condition in hospital.
We are carrying out a number of enquiries to try to identify those responsible.
While we are trying to establish a motive for what has happened, we do believe that the incident was targeted and I would like to stress that I don't believe there is any threat to the wider community at this time.
Someone out there knows who has done this and I would urge them to come forward and speak to us.
Has a loved one come home acting suspiciously, smelling of smoke or petrol or with unexplained injuries?
We need to find the people responsible for this dreadful crime.
The Next Big Labor Strike Hits Oregon
The state university workers" most pressing complaints center on low wages and a lack of dignity at work.
The pay disparities alone are shocking. 
About half of these workers earn less than $40,000 per year (and hundreds make less than $25,000). 
Meanwhile, university presidents" annual salaries average out to $500,000 and four university athletics coaches are pulling down a cool $1 million. 
While school administrators enjoy six-figure salaries and overall administrative spending continues to bloat, one in six classified staffers qualify for food stamps.
As Alejandro Segurra, another IT worker at Portland State University, said, "I'm willing to go on strike because I don't think it's fair that people are paid wages that don't allow them to live in the city that they serve."
Portland State library worker Theresa Stapleburg was even more direct: "I want to strike because I've been here 24 years, and I need a raise - a living wage."
As inflation climbs and the cost of living in Oregon soars, these workers are being left to flounder, and management has shown little sympathy for their plight. 
Contract negotiations that began in February broke down in mid-August. 
At that point, the bosses had laid out some particularly egregious proposals - a paltry cost-of-living increase, a denial of seniority demands from long-term university workers, and a price hike for staff meals - that workers saw as disrespectful, and even cruel.
There is an unwritten class system at the universities, Fulmer said. 
And we are at the bottom of it.
Education workers have been under attack for decades, he continued. 
We are finally standing up and fighting back.
It's one thing to see classism and the squeezing of the middle class in the corporate world as executives see their relatively obscene pay continue to go up at rates above inflation. 
But for the same thing to be happening in education is not something workers will continue to tolerate.
And Oregon's state university workers aren't the only ones taking action.
Oregon is a powder keg of militancy right now, and its fuse is now burning bright and hot.
Grocery store workers at the Fred Meyer supermarket chain are ramping up their campaign against their employer, and while there are no official plans to strike yet, tensions are running high; their union, United Food and Commercial Workers Local 555, has already called for a boycott, and filed an unfair labor practice report against the chain.
In the healthcare sector, the 4,500 members of the Service Employees International Union Local 49 workers at Kaiser Permanente authorized a strike (with a 98 percent approval rate) if a deal isn't reached before their existing contract expires in October - which was only narrowly avoided with a new tentative agreement. 
Elsewhere in the industry, the Oregon Nurses Association, which represents more than 120 nurses at Astoria Hospital, has been deadlocked in contract negotiations with the hospital administration; their last contract expired in May, and the clock is ticking.
Oregon has a really strong labor movement that is really building from the ground up, Burley explains. 
This is a part of the national wave of labor growth. 
People are seeing a precarious economy where real wages are falling and the solution is collective action in the workplace.
It's unclear just how deeply such collective action may take root this fall, but it certainly would be fitting if the general strike returned to the Northwest in 2019. 
And from there we can only hope that its spirit will spread even further, into the heart of Midwestern farming, Southern manufacturing, Texan oil fields, Appalachian coal mines, Northeastern construction, the Silicon Valley tech giants, and everywhere in between. 
Lord knows that something's gotta give.
Meghan to 'fulfil her heart's desires' and refuses let own needs 'fade away' amid her royal duties
Meghan Markle is determined to 'fulfil her heart's desires' and not let her own needs 'fade away' now she's a member of the Royal Family - and wants to be a role model for young boys as well as girls.
The Duchess of Sussex, 38, reportedly made the remarks during an event for inspiring female entrepreneurs at Woodstock Exchange in Cape Town earlier this week during her tour of South Africa with husband Prince Harry.
Woodstock Exchange, the UK-SA Tech Hub, focuses on skills development and access to markets by assisting entrepreneurs, particularly women, to acquire skills, resources and support.
The Ladies Who Launch meeting saw the former actress, 38, meet with several women who have set up their own businesses in industries such as technology, conservation and fashion and praise them for 'empowering the next generation' of creative minds.
During a conversation with the female tech founders Meghan, who has campaigned vigorously for the empowerment of young women and girls, said she hopes to do the same for young men.
Mother-of-two Naadiya Moosajee, a South African engineer, social entrepreneur and co-founder of Women in Engineering, revealed: 'We acknowledged the importance of not just education for girls but being role models for boys - that we are women who are influential and who boys can look up to as well,' People reports.
'We both have sons, and we were bearing in mind that we are not just role models for girls but boys - and not just our sons, but generally in public too.'
She added that having Meghan present 'didn't feel hierarchical', as it was 'women gathered together and a talk about the struggles we have, as well as the things we need to do to move forward and grow and change our societies'.
Matsi Modise, founder of skills training company Simodisa, said Meghan is determined to continue to champion the issues close to her heart despite being a member of the Fold.
'She talked about being a mother and having duties as a duchess and fulfilling what her heart desires - and that it can't just fade away now that you're a duchess,' Modise recalled.
'That you have to be true to who you are.'
She said the duchess pushed them to plough ahead with their new ideas and spoke about how they have to keep pushing and going forward, knowing they are doing it for others who will follow.
'She wasn't referring to being a royal, but life in general when you have challenges,' Modise added, admitting she felt a bit 'awestruck' by Meghan.
'She radiates grace and she is taking this task that she has with such grace,' Modise said.
A lot of us have done amazing things as founders, but meeting a royal is quite daunting.
She made it easy.
She is an easy-going royal.'
Meghan also revealed she's enjoying the pressures of being a working mother, admitting she finds juggling being a royal and looking after baby Archie 'a lot' but 'all so exciting'.
Speaking to mother-of-two Lara Rosmarin, CEO of Cape Innovation and Technology, Meghan said: 'We're only five months in right now.
Being a working mum and travelling as well with a baby, my goodness it's a lot, but it's all so exciting.
'There are days when it's a lot to juggle but then you meet someone and you have an impact on them and you say "ah-ha," and it's so rewarding.'
Meghan then went to the city's Mothers2Mothers organisation, which trains and employs women with HIV.
She took along some of Archie's baby clothes, including a onesie saying 'The Future' and his Invictus babygro which he no longer fits, alongside donations from her friends with children.
SNP could support Jeremy Corbyn as temporary PM to stop no-deal Brexit
The SNP has signalled it could support installing Jeremy Corbyn in Downing Street on a temporary basis to thwart a no-deal Brexit.
As tensions between MPs and Downing Street deepened, Nicola Sturgeon suggested it could row in behind the Labour leader as a caretaker prime minister until a general election.
Mr Corbyn called on rebel Tories and opposition MPs to back him to lead a temporary administration in August - but the move was met with resistance, particularly from the Liberal Democrat leader Jo Swinson.
Under the proposals, opposition parties would seek to oust Boris Johnson in a vote of no confidence and then form a unity government that would seek an extension to prevent the UK crashing out of the EU on 31 October.
The plan failed to gain cross-party support at the time, but senior figures in the SNP are concerned that Mr Johnson could defy a law forcing him to delay Brexit if there is no deal in place before 19 October.
Nicola Sturgeon, the SNP leader, suggested that Mr Corbyn could be brought in to secure the extension as leaving Mr Johnson in charge would be a "terrible idea."
Responding to a tweet suggesting installing the Labour leader or another temporary prime minister, she said: "Agree with this.
Vote of no confidence, opposition unites around someone for sole purpose of securing an extension, and then immediate general election.
Nothing is risk free but leaving Johnson in post to force through no deal - or even a bad deal - seems like a terrible idea to me."
Veteran MPs Harriet Harman and Ken Clarke have both been named as potential figures to lead a unity government but a senior SNP source insisted it had to be the Labour leader.
It is increasingly clear that we will have to install a new prime minister via a vote of no confidence, so that we can request a delay to Brexit and hold an election, the source told ITV's Robert Peston.
Trying to find a compromise candidate, a national unity candidate, is too complicated, especially in the time we have.
Whether people like it or not, the temporary prime minister has to be Corbyn.
An SNP spokesperson said the party was committed to stopping a no-deal Brexit and removing "this dangerous and undemocratic prime minister as soon as possible."
The spokesperson said: "It is now possible - if the political will is there - that parties could come together to ensure that the letter to secure an extension is not left in the hands of Boris Johnson and his cronies, who are determined to find a way to get around the Benn Act, but is instead sent by a temporary caretaker prime minister, who would be in office only as long as is necessary to send the letter, with an election held immediately afterwards.
We remain open to all options to achieve the aim of stopping a no-deal Brexit and getting rid of Boris Johnson.
Even with SNP support, it would come down to a knife-edge vote for Mr Corbyn.
There are 288 Tory MPs, as well as 10 Democratic Unionists, so the opposition would need some of the 34 independent MPs to come on board.
Labour argued that the plan was the "simplest and most democratic way to stop no deal."
However the Liberal Democrats believe a temporary government led by Mr Corbyn cannot achieve the necessary support across the House, as he would need the backing of ex-Tory MPs and defectors from his own party.
Kirstene Hair, Tory MP for Angus, said: "This report confirms what many have long suspected - SNP MPs will happily prop up Jeremy Corbyn in No10.
There is no doubt that Corbyn's weak stance on indyref2 is a deciding factor for the nationalists.
He has already left the door open for a re-run of the 2014 referendum if he becomes prime minister.
Only a Conservative government will stand up for those who voted No" in what was meant to be a once in a generation event."
Hungarian PM Orban defends his candidate for EU executive, "has solutions in pocket"
Prime Minister Viktor Orban has said he has several solutions "in his pocket" after Hungary's candidate for the European Commission was rejected.
The EU transport commissioner-designate, Romanian socialist politician Rovana Plumb, and the proposed commissioner for EU enlargement, former Hungarian justice minister Laszlo Trocsanyi, were told their confirmation hearings could not go ahead because of inconsistencies in their financial statements, Reuters reported.
I am convinced that [Trocsanyi] is the most suitable candidate for becoming member of the European Commission, Orban said.
His sin was that he helped the government and me... to protect Hungary from migration.
The move is seen as an embarrassment for Orban, who proposed Trocsanyi, and who has been in constant conflict with Brussels over his migration policy and other issues.
Cleveland police branded 'failing' in all areas by inspectors
Scandal-hit Cleveland police has become the first force to be branded "failing" in all areas by inspectors.
It has been rated inadequate overall and in three key areas by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS), which scrutinised its ability to reduce crime and keep people safe, operate efficiently, as well as the way it treats the public and its workforce.
The findings mean the force is effectively plunged into special measures, where the chief constable and police and crime commissioner are called before a national board and questioned about their plans to ensure "critical improvements" are made.
The home secretary could then step in to tackle the problem if no progress is made.
A string of scandals has plagued the force, covering Hartlepool, Redcar and Cleveland, Stockton and Middlesbrough in the north east of England.
It has seen six chief constables in almost as many years.
Former chief constable Sean Price was sacked for gross misconduct in 2012; seven officers were under investigation after journalists" phones were unlawfully monitored, and there have been long-standing claims of racism within the ranks.
Work practices were recently described by the chief inspector of constabulary as being about as "inefficient as you can possibly imagine," with officers having to share laptops and bodyworn cameras.
HM Inspector of Constabulary Phil Gormley said it was a "failing force" where there had been "significant" deterioration in the last two years.
Tees Valley mayor Ben Houchen said the report described the "worst findings ever into any police force in the country" which was "finally the official validation" that the force is "broken" and said the Home Office needed to intervene now.
He added: "It's no longer in dispute.
It is a fact described in black and white in this report.
The findings are some of the most distressing and shocking I have ever read.
Cleveland is one of 15 forces that has been recently inspected by HMICFRS inspectors, and the only one rated inadequate in all areas.
Gormley added: "The force doesn't appropriately prioritise crime prevention.
There is a lack of strategic direction, and the force doesn't allocate enough resources to prevention work …
It is failing to respond appropriately to vulnerable people, including children.
It is missing opportunities to safeguard them and exposing them to risk."
He said senior leaders were not consistently demonstrating "ethical behaviour," and the "inappropriate behaviour of senior leaders within Cleveland is so profound that it is affecting the efficiency and effectiveness of the force."
He added: "It doesn't consistently treat its workforce with fairness and respect and it doesn't effectively communicate with or engage its workforce; its processes aren't perceived to be fair and it doesn't understand its workforce well enough to support them."
Despite the findings, the force did receive a small amount of praise for the way it tackles serious and organised crime but was told it must improve the way it investigates crimes.
The force's police and crime commissioner Barry Coppinger said: "I am deeply concerned at the worrying contents of this report.
The force's recent performance is simply not good enough.
He said he had received assurances from the current chief constable Richard Lewis that "swift action" was taken as soon as he became aware of the failings.
Coppinger has been ordered by the Home Office to respond to the report within 56 days.
Lewis said the report would act "as a line in the sand" for the force, adding: "Improvements have already been made and I take full responsibility for driving through the changes that are so obviously needed.
In the five months I've been here I have met some exceptional police officers and staff, at all levels, and have seen lives saved and vulnerable people protected by the efforts and determination of frontline officers."
If drastic improvements are not made quickly enough, the Government could step in, as it can when prisons are failing.
But so far politicians have never had to resort to this measure with police forces, inspectors said.
Kit Malthouse, minister for crime, policing and fire, said he welcomed the chief constable's "swift action to address these failings and will be monitoring the position closely," adding: "Transparency and accountability are vital for public trust in policing.
Don't use my wife's name to score points, says husband of murdered MP Jo Cox
The husband of Jo Cox said his wife's name must not be used to score political points after Jeremy Corbyn last night posted footage of the murdered MP to criticise Boris Johnson.
The Labour leader's film featured clips of Mrs Cox and a vigil held after her death, with the caption: "Boris Johnson does not care about violence on our streets."
Critics said Mr Corbyn was using her murder to score "cheap political points" while her husband Brendan Cox said the Labour leader was "wrong" to infer hateful language was a "simple party political issue."
Mr Cox said: "Jeremy is right that the best way to honour Jo is to defeat hatred and division.
He's also right the PM has a particular responsibility.
But he's wrong to infer this is a simple party political issue.
Jo was passionately Labour but some things must transcend party politics.
He also shared a post which said Jo Cox's name was "more than a political scoring point" with the caption "This. Thank you."
Mr Corbyn was facing a backlash for his video which opens with him talking about Mrs Cox's murder three years ago by a far-Right activist in her West Yorkshire constituency.
Speaking over a montage of clips of Mrs Cox, Mr Johnson and female MPs, Mr Corbyn said: "This Prime Minister knows these words can promote violence and have real consequences.
He wants division.
Clearly, he doesn't care about the violence on our streets."
He goes on to criticise Mr Johnson and call for a Labour government.
Mr Corbyn added: "Many are deeply concerned about the language used by Boris Johnson, language which is being repeated by the far-Right.
When this was raised with him by women MPs, who themselves face death threats, he arrogantly dismissed them.
It was nothing short of disgraceful."
Former Labour MP John Woodcock shared the video and said: "You can really shut up. Disgusting."
Meanwhile Tory MP and business minister Nadhim Zahawi said: "You are so wrong to use Jo Cox in this way, when her family have specifically asked for her not to be used in this way.
To be kept out of politics.
If you have an ounce of decency Jeremy Corbyn you would take this video down.
It follows a row over language in Parliament this week in which Mr Johnson said that the "best way" to honour Mrs Cox was to "get Brexit done."
Her sister Kim Leadbeater called for a dialling down of extreme language saying it was "not helpful to Jo's kids."
She told ITV: "For me to come out and say outrageous things about Boris Johnson - I just don't think that's a useful way of moving forward.
I can say what I think is right and what I think is wrong but I'm going to try and do that in a measured manner."
The daughter of Labour MP Yvette Cooper spoke out yesterday to say she constantly fears for her mother's life because of the way people speak about politicians.
Royal news: How Princess Beatrice "reacted with fury at hostile family members"
On Thursday, The Duke and Duchess of York announced that their eldest daughter, Princess Beatrice, is engaged to her boyfriend, the 34-year old property tycoon Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. 
The Princess, who is ninth-in-line to the throne, will tie the knot with Mr Mapelli Mozzi next year. 
The couple said in a statement: "We are both so excited to be embarking on this life adventure together.
We share so many similar interests and values, and we know that this will stand us in great stead for the years ahead, full of love and happiness.
Princess Beatrice's parents, Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, also shared their excitement.
The Duchess of York wrote on Twitter: " I know what a mother feels so I have tears of joy.
 I am so proud of this sensational news.
Andrew and I are just the luckiest people ever to have two great sons in law.
The royal wedding will be another occasion for the entire Royal Family to get together, and hopefully completely repair Fergie's relationship with the Duke of Edinburgh.
Since Sarah was embroiled in one of the Royal Family's biggest ever scandals, her relationship with the rest of the members has been extremely difficult.
Five months after announcing she was separating from Prince Andrew in 1992, compromising photographs of her with her "financial advisor" were taken at her holiday villa in St Tropez.
The snaps appeared to show Texan millionaire John Bryan kissing and sucking the Duchess" toes and the arch of her foot, and Prince Philip in particular, is said to have had the strongest reaction to her daughter-in-law's scandalous antics.
However, his behaviour was reportedly "appalling" towards the Duchess of York, and Princess Beatrice once claimed her mother was the victim of "mean spirited actions to make her feel unwelcome."
JUST IN: Kate and William behind closed doors: Couple's shock habit exposed
The report noted that the Duchess" spokesman was unable to comment on the claims, but a friend of Fergie was quoted as saying: "It is no secret that Sarah's daughters are pretty fed up by the way their mother has been treated by some members of the Royal Family.
Some of the bills she has been sent have been pretty miserly.
They are constantly berating their father for allowing it to happen and Beatrice in particular has been imploring Prince Andrew to see that their mother is not treated as an outcast."
Philip and Sarah were pictured for the first time together in 26 years at Princess Eugenie's wedding to Jack Brooksbank last October.
Dog control laws to be reviewed in government consultation
Dog control laws in Scotland are being reviewed amid concerns about out-of-control animals and irresponsible owners.
A consultation has been launched by the Scottish Government seeking the public's views.
Scotland's Community Safety Minister pledged to "keep communities safe from irresponsible owners," with reviews to determine whether laws for out-of-control dogs need changing.
Ash Denham MSP said: "We are holding two reviews into dog control legislation because we are absolutely determined to help keep communities safe from irresponsible owners and their out-of-control dogs.
This consultation seeks views on improvements on how the Control of Dogs Act 2010 can operate across Scotland, and next year we will take a wider look at all dog control legislation to assess whether changes are needed.
Owning a dog brings with it certain responsibilities, including keeping your dog under effective control, and I encourage everyone with an interest in this area to respond to our consultation."
The consultation runs until January 15 and contains proposals to toughen and clarify the current legislation, including questioning whether a national dog control database should be created.
The Scottish Parliament's Post-Legislative Scrutiny Committee has been hearing evidence from victims and parents of children who have been attacked or killed by dogs, prompting the Government to review dog control laws.
MSPs were told the legislation needs urgent reform to protect vulnerable people and children.
The committee heard that, in Greater Glasgow and Clyde alone, there were 1,417 people arriving at A&E departments with dog-related injuries, 255 of them children, last year.
NHS Lanarkshire treated 912 people and NHS Ayrshire 439, both four-year highs.
In July, the committee's MSPs concluded current dog control legislation is not fit for purpose and called on the Scottish Government to undertake a comprehensive review of all dog-control laws.
Convener Jenny Marra said: "Dog law in Scotland is not fit for purpose. 
There are still far too many dog attacks on children and little enforcement or understanding of the current laws that might prevent these attacks.
It has become clear that current dog control law doesn't work.
It needs reform urgently so that out of control and dangerous dogs can be dealt with properly and we can try to move to a system that prevents our children being injured by dogs.
The consultation, launched on the Government's website on Friday, says: "Effective and consistent enforcement across Scotland is fundamental in helping address issues relating to out-of-control dogs.
This review is focused on steps that can be taken to help aid enforcement agencies such as local authorities, as they use their powers to help keep communities safe.
HSBC flips crime-spotting tool to scope new business
British bank HSBC (HSBA.L) has converted a financial crime-spotting algorithm it was forced to build in the wake of a money-laundering scandal into one that can scope out new business opportunities, bank executives said.
The system combines data on clients" banking activities, with public data on company ownership and directorships, to flag desirable potential clients to HSBC staff and offer ways to connect to them through existing relationships.
Using data and artificial intelligence to try and boost revenues is part of HSBC's broader push to squeeze more out of its large physical network and client data, a key priority for interim Chief Executive Noel Quinn.
It's one of the first commercial uses of investment in financial crime prevention, and the business we're getting in this way is inherently lower risk and quicker to win, said Stuart Nivison, HSBC's global head of client network banking.
HSBC declined to comment on how much it expects to make from the new system but said the broader "network income" initiative has already yielded hundreds of millions of dollars in additional revenue.
The drive is an important part of the bank's efforts to defend its global presence at a time when some analysts and investors are saying it should shrink or exit markets like the United States where it makes returns below its cost of capital.
HSBC was forced to invest hundreds of millions of dollars in financial crime compliance as part of a $1.9 billion settlement in 2012 with U.S. authorities over the bank's failure to prevent money laundering by drug cartels though its Mexican unit.
The system works by mapping individual customers" and companies ties to each other and then looking for unusual patterns of transactions or unearthing previously unknown connections between those entities.
That system has already freed up more than 400 staff to go from manually checking transactions and records to client-facing roles where they can spend time helping customers, said Adrian Rigby, chief operating officer of HSBC's trade business.
HSBC's Nivison said the lightbulb moment was realizing the tool could be repurposed to look for "green flags" of attractive potential clients rather than "red flags" of wrongdoing.
We took our customer dataset and combined it with (Britain's) Companies House data and turned the algorithm around to look for attractiveness in a client, whether that be through sector, growth of the company, and connection to existing clients, Nivison said.
The tool has mapped 22.5 million entities and people in Britain, and can identify in three minutes a network of connections that a staff member would have taken three hours to map out manually, he said.
Khloe Kardashian's cheating ex Tristan Thompson leaves ANOTHER desperate comment on her Instagram pic after rumours he wants her back
KHLOE Kardashian's cheating ex Tristan Thompson has left ANOTHER desperate comment on her Instagram page following rumours that he wants her back.
The 35-year-old star dumped the NBA player for good earlier this year after he was accused of cheating on her with family friend Jordyn Woods - having previously cheated when she was nine months pregnant with their daughter, True.
Tristan was spotted leaving another gushing compliment on Khloe's Instagram page
However, 28-year-old Tristan is refusing to give up without a fight - leaving a cringeworthy compliment on his ex's latest selfie.
In the blurred snap, Khloe is stood in front of the rising sun, with the mum-of-one captioning the pic: "May you have the courage to explore every dream you dream."
Publicly commenting, Tristan wrote: "The sun is shining bright on a beautiful [diamond emoji]."
Fans were outraged by the remark, with one replying: "Yeah, a diamond that you DROPPED."
Tristan cheated on Khloe when she was nine months pregnant
Another advised: "Just get off Instagram."
A third wrote: "Don't fall for it Khloe."
It comes just days after Tristan wrote: "Perfection" alongside the heart eye emojis underneath one of the reality stars other photos, which saw her modelling for Guess Jeans.
Earlier this month, The Sun revealed that Tristan bought Khloe a £400,000 Porsche in a bid to win her back - on the advice of Drake.
He was then accused of cheating again earlier this year - with Kardashian family friend Jordyn Woods
He settled on the grovelling gift, thought to be a 911, after being urged to pull a "power move" by his rapper pal.
As a result, pals said Tristan even won an invite from Khloe to a 'Taco Tuesday' dinner at her mansion - bringing him one step closer to a reunion with the reality star and their 17-month-old daughter True.
A source said: "Tristan is good pals with Drake and has been using him as a sounding board as he plots his return to the Kardashian fold.
Khloe was left heartbroken by Tristan's infidelity
Drake told him to pull out all the stops if he wanted to win Khloe back.
An invite to a casual dinner might not sound like a reasonable trade off for a sleek supercar.
But after what Tristan did, he can't expect Khloe to roll out the red carpet for him.
The pair are mum and dad to 17-month-old True
Khloe Kardashian breaks down in tears and screams at cheating boyfriend Tristan Thompson in new Keeping Up With The Kardashians series 16 trailer
The Sun revealed last month that Tristan planned to invite Khloe on a romantic trip to Greece after vowing: "I will get my family back."
Khloe has been left heartbroken by Tristan's repeated cheating throughout their romance, but still invited him to their daughter True's first birthday party earlier this year.
However, the star's family reality show Keeping Up With The Kardashians later showed that the event ended with Khloe in tears as she struggled to come to terms with his infidelity.
Adorable pictures show new-born rhino nuzzling her mother and exploring new home
Baby Stella was welcomed into the world at Cotswold Wildlife Park, Oxfordshire, earlier this month and is the first female born to parents Monty and Ruby.
The youngster, who is healthy and nursing well, can be seen wondering about her enclosure before resting alongside her mother on a bed of straw.
Mother Ruby joined the wildlife park in 2009 alongside another female called Nancy in the hope that one would produce the park's first ever calf with Monty.
Nancy then gave birth to a female named Astrid in 2013, with Stella being the third female calf born at the park in its 49-year history.
Jamie Craig, curator of Cotswold Wildlife Park, said: 'We have had tremendous success with our current rhino herd.
Stella is the sixth youngster from Nancy and Ruby and our bull, Monty, has proved to be an excellent dad.
'He is the perfect combination of a dominant bull and caring patriarch.
It is particularly satisfying that Ruby has produced a female calf - these are vital for the development of the breeding programme and Stella will eventually move to another collection to hopefully become a successful mother herself.'
Ruby has had two boys before, Ian in 2015 and Alan in 2017.
Alan is still at the park whilst Ian is in Torino Zoo in Italy
When Alan was just one-week old he weighed around eleven stone.
Births in captivity are considered extremely rare.
Females only reproduce every two-and-a-half to five years, so the window of opportunity for successful reproduction is limited.
According to the park, a typical gestation period lasts between sixteen to eighteen months, after which a single calf is born.
It is considered the longest gestation periods of any land mammal, surpassed only by the twenty-two month gestation period of an Elephant.
A newborn Rhino calf will stand up within one hour of birth.
Once born, the calf will immediately attempt to suckle, although he or she may be a little unsteady on their feet for the first few days.
It will remain under the watchful eye of the mother, suckling from her for approximately one year.
Their bond is an intensely strong one and the calf will remain with its mother for at least two years, benefiting from her protection.
Females guard their offspring aggressively and are intimidating adversaries if challenged.
Serena Williams Fined $10,000 For Allegedly Damaging Wimbledon Court
Serena Williams, tennis legend and seven-time Wimbledon champion, is being fined $10,000 for allegedly damaging the London practice courts with her racquet.
The All England Club, which hosts the Wimbledon tournament, handed the fine to Williams after she reportedly caused damage during a practice round on the outside courts on June 30, according to The Associated Press and CNN.
The 37-year-old tennis star appeared to shrug off the fine while speaking to reporters after winning the quarterfinal round against Alison Riske on Tuesday.
I haven't really thought about it, to be honest, she said when asked about the fine.
I just threw my racquet.
I got fined.
Williams said she didn't know how that could've caused damage.
I mean, I guess if you could tell me, I would appreciate it, she told reporters.
I mean, I have always been an Avenger in my heart.
Maybe I'm super strong.
I don't know.
Williams is after her eighth Wimbledon title, which would be her 24th grand slam victory.
She is advancing to the singles semifinals on Thursday against Czech player Barbora Strýcová.
Williams was also fined a total of $17,000 last year after she defended herself against an umpire at the U.S. Open who accused her of illegally communicating with her coach during a match.
During that incident, the umpire issued three code violations to Williams: One for receiving illegal coaching, a second for breaking her tennis racket in frustration and a third after she confronted the umpire and called him a "thief."
Many of Williams" fans claimed that the umpire was unnecessarily harsh in his response to her, especially considering male players" meltdowns throughout the history of the sport.
Do you know how many other men do things that are much worse than that?
Williams told U.S. Open officials who entered the court during the match after her confrontation with the umpire.
Williams wasn't the only one who received a fine at this year's Wimbledon, though hers was the most costly.
Italian player Fabio Fognini was fined $3,000 for saying a "bomb should explode" at the tennis courts after he lost the third round to U.S. player Tennys Sandgren on Saturday.
Nick Kyrgios of Australia was hit with two fines ― one for $3,000 and a second for $5,000 ― for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Civility in Politics: New awards scheme set up to counter Westminster division and recognise politicians who show courtesy
A new awards scheme has been set up to recognise politicians who show courtesy in their work.
It comes after a divisive week in Westminster following the return of Parliament.
It was marked by threats against MPs and outrage over the language used by the likes of Prime Minister Boris Johnson.
To counter the division, the "Civility in Politics" awards were announced on Friday, with the politician of the year to be awarded £3,000 to give to charity.
Boris Johnson has been criticised for the tone of language he has used in the Commons chamber
Lord Stewart, announcing the awards, said: "Everyone agrees that politics in the UK is facing a crisis of trust and a crisis of civility.
As divisions and bitterness mount in the continuing debates around Brexit, we strongly believe that politics has to respond not by mirroring these trends, but by bucking them.
These awards are a small attempt by a group of people in public life - of different and no political persuasions - to shine a spotlight on politicians who argue their case with decency and civility, and are able to engage and work with people across the divides that affect us all."
Nominations will open on Saturday, with an award ceremony in March next year.
In an exclusive interview with the Standard, former Cabinet minister Amber Rudd today accused Mr Johnson of deploying aggressive language that "does incite violence."
Mr Johnson, for his part, said he "deplores" threats made against MPs.
Jess Phillips 'frightened' after receiving 'be afraid' death threats
On Thursday, Labour MP Jess Phillips - another one of those to have criticised Mr Johnson - said a man was arrested after trying to "kick the door" of her constituency office while reportedly shouting that she was a "fascist."
Liberal Democrat leader Jo Swinson, meanwhile, was speaking to police following threats made to one of her young children.
And in a viral Twitter thread, Ellie Cooper, the daughter of senior Labour MP Yvette Cooper, described her fears for her mother in the wake of Ms Cox's murder .
She accused Mr Johnson of "using language that helps incite violence toward MPs."
David Attenborough working on new documentary about animals and colour
David Attenborough is 93-years-old but the iconic nature guru is not slowing down just yet.
No, after the success of his groundbreaking Netflix documentary Our Planet, the much loved star is set to return with another series: Life In Colour.
This time, the father-of-two will look at how animals use colour in their lives through high-tech cameras that were built especially for the programme.
The BBC have revealed that the star aims to show "a world of colour normally invisible to human eyes" - and it sounds truly fascinating.
However, despite fans being eager for the upcoming release, it seems we all need to sit tight as it won't be dropping on our screens until 2021.
But we're sure it'll be worth the wait.
Earlier this month, David was presented with the TV Choice Lifetime Achievement Award, at the prestigious ceremony in London.
The national treasure has entertained millions over his career, which has so far spanned 60 years.
When collecting his gong, the reporter enthused: "Indeed.
What I do isn't always entertaining, and sometimes people hear things they don't like!
But this is an honour and a great pleasure.
TV Choice said of the winner: "Still working, learning and making programmes Sir David Attenborough isn't just a British hero, he's a global icon."
This week, David was celebrated once again as a polar research ship was named after him.
The star joined both Prince William and Kate for the naming ceremony in Cammell Laird shipyard in Birkenhead, Merseyside.
He said: "It's no news to any of you that the world is facing great, great problems and the most aware of that are the young people of today, who will inherit this world.
Great problems require great research and facts in order to solve them.
That's what this astonishing ship will be here to do, to find out the facts and find the science with which to deal with problems that are facing the world today and will increasingly do so tomorrow."
Life In Colour is expected to air on BBC Two in 2021, while it's said Netflix will retain global rights.
Ukraine scandal: Pelosi says Barr 'rogue'; former U.S. officials back investigation
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi accused U.S. Attorney General William Barr Friday of going "rogue" to protect President Donald Trump over his controversial phone call with Ukraine's leader, which has led to an impeachment inquiry.
The California Democrat's words follow a release of the complaint Thursday, which was submitted by an unidentified intelligence official to Intelligence Community Inspector General Michael Atkinson.
Atkinson turned it over to national intelligence director Joseph Maguire.
Barr is mentioned several times in the July 25 phone call, as is Trump attorney Rudolph Giuliani.
The complaint says White House officials were concerned enough that they attempted to "lock down" the record of the call.
[Barr has] gone rogue, Pelosi told MSNBC Friday.
I think where they're going is a cover-up of a cover-up.
I think it's sad, to have a Justice Department go so rogue.
Well, they have been for a while. And now it just makes matters worse.
Pelosi announced an official impeachment investigation this week after Trump acknowledged he'd withheld military aid to Ukraine.
The aid was ultimately granted, but House Democrats want to know whether there was any connection to the aid and Trump's asking Zelensky to investigate Hunter Biden, who worked for a Ukrainian gas company for five years.
Also Friday, nearly 300 former U.S. foreign policy and national security officials signed a letter supporting the impeachment investigation.
The coalition said Trump's actions constitute a "profound national security concern."
We applaud those members of Congress, including Speaker Pelosi, who have started us down that necessary path, the letter states.
President Trump appears to have leveraged the authority and resources of the highest office in the land to invite additional foreign interference into our democratic process.
That would constitute an unconscionable abuse of power.
It would also represent an effort to subordinate America's national interests -- and those of our closest allies and partners -- to the president's personal political interest.
Trump has denied there was any impropriety with the phone call.
Friday, he denounced the complainant and again said the call with Zelensky was a "perfect conversation"
Sounding more and more like the so-called whistle-blower isn't a whistle-blower at all, he tweeted.
In addition, all second-hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have been somebody else, a leaker or spy, feeding it to him or her?
A partisan operative?
Vice President Mike Pence also had interactions with Ukrainian leaders, the whistle-blower complaint shows, and he met with Zelensky in Poland earlier this month.
He said neither Joe Biden or Hunter Biden were discussed.
Three Scottish students named among Europe's best
Three University of Dundee students have been named regional winners as top graduates in Europe.
The University of Dundee students were named as top graduates in their respective fields in Europe in the 2019 Global Undergraduate Awards, whilst five other students from the same university were praised by the judges.
Scott Sheldrick, who graduated in Molecular Genetics, won the Europe award for Life Sciences, Chester Cornford studied MSc Mental Health Nursing and was awarded the Nursing, Midwifery & Allied Healthcare prize, whilst Lola Knibb won the Visual Arts award.
Although all three made it through to the global final, they lost out in the final round to strong competition from some of the 3,500 entrants from across the world.
Professor Blair Grubb, Vice-Principal (Education) at the University, said: "To get to this stage, our students and graduates faced competition from peers attending some of the world's top universities.
The Undergraduate Awards are fiercely contested by thousands of students around the world and it is a great reflection of the quality of our students, and the education they receive here, that Dundee is so strongly represented amongst the prize winners.
I would like to offer my warmest congratulations to Scott, Chester and Lola on this fantastic achievement, alongside the other Dundee representatives who were highly commended."
Another five students were commended in the world's leading undergraduate awards programme, which recognises top work completed by undergraduates to share this with a global audience.
Included in the five praised students were Nicholas Gallagher and James Osbourne (both Life Sciences), Ferenc Kohsuke Ishikawa Gutai (Medicine), Caitlyn Scott (Anatomical Sciences) and Waco Yokoyama (Philosophy).
The competition further celebrates top undergraduate coursework and helps create collaborations between students and recent graduates worldwide.
Thomas Cook pension trustees plot deal to salvage payouts
Thomas Cook's pension funds have kicked off talks with specialist insurers about a deal to salvage the collapsed travel group's retirement scheme benefits.
Sky News has learnt that Steve Southern, chair of the trustees, is holding talks with several parties about a buyout deal that would avoid most of Thomas Cook's 14,000 pension scheme members facing a steep cut to their payments.
Any deal with an insurer would be likely to involve a more modest cut to payouts than the 10% triggered by a pension scheme's transfer into the Pension Protection Fund (PPF) lifeboat.
The discussions are at a very preliminary stage and - even if successful - will not result in a deal until after the Thomas Cook schemes have been through an assessment by the PPF.
Thomas Cook bosses face investigation into what led to collapse
That period could take up to two years, and if the schemes do enter the PPF will result in roughly 10,000 future pensioners having their payouts cut by 10%.
Sources said that a number of pension risk transfer specialists, as well as at least one of the new "superfund" consolidation vehicles, were in talks with Thomas Cook's trustees about a deal.
News of the trustees' efforts to secure members' benefits comes four days after Britain's oldest tour operator ceased trading, sparking an international repatriation programme and triggering thousands of job losses.
Thomas Cook's descent into insolvency has sparked a bitter blame game, with board members, government ministers and auditors all facing demands to explain their actions in the months before its collapse.
The company's four pension schemes are well-funded, with a £100m surplus on a PPF basis, according to the latest figures.
Collectively, they hold assets worth about £1.5bn.
However, as Sky News revealed last month, the trustees' demands for better terms in Thomas Cook's proposed rescue deal added a further complication to efforts to get the transaction across the line.
Thomas Cook's liquidation brought to an end 178 years of solvent trading, prompting the launch of inquiries by the government's Insolvency Service, the accounting watchdog and an influential committee of MPs.
Ministers have established a taskforce to address the crisis, which has left creditors facing meagre returns from the post-insolvency sale of assets.
To date, just under half of Thomas Cook's overseas British customers have been flown home.
Its collapse came hours after Thomas Cook issued a last-gasp plea to its lenders to reduce a £200m funding demand.
What went so wrong for Thomas Cook?
The talks, which concluded without a deal on Sunday evening, represented a frantic last throw of the dice for a company which had been forced to seek more than £1bn in new funding following a £1.5bn half-year loss and deteriorating trading.
Thomas Cook was founded in 1841 by a 32-year-old cabinet-maker and former Baptist preacher who began offering one-day rail excursions from Leicester to Loughborough for a shilling.
From there, it went on to become one of the world's largest holiday companies, marking its 175th anniversary three years ago.
A PPF spokesperson said: "Insolvency events, like the liquidation of Thomas Cook, are exactly why the PPF was set up.
We are here to protect the financial futures of members belonging to defined benefit pension schemes and they should take comfort knowing we are here to protect them.
A spokesman for Thomas Cook's pension trustees declined to comment on Friday.
The Who STOP concert last night: Friday and Sunday shows CANCELLED
Rock legends The Who are on a major US tour.
In Houston, Texas, Roger Daltrey was forced to call off the concert less than halfway through.
The 75-year-old told the disappointed audience: "I think I should quit while I'm ahead."
The band had performed eight songs already but promised to try and return for another show one day in the future.
Watch the video of how it all unfolded on stage.
After playing classic 1982 track Eminence Front, Daltrey called it quits. 
he has struggled with vocal issues and apparently is under strict instructions from his surgeon.
The British star told the crowd he couldn't go on with the show: 
If I carry on trying to do what I'm doing for you, I'm going to damage myself.
I think I should quit while I'm ahead…
Last time, I ended up in hospital for a month and I'm not going there again. Sorry.
Pete Townshend explained what was going on to the audience: "It sounds like he cannot do any more, I'm afraid..."
The band left the stage, originally suggesting they would try to work out the rest of the set without Roger.
When he returned, Townsend said: "I'm really, really sorry.
Roger cannot actually speak now.
Apparently, before the show, he saw a doctor, and you know, he's been singing so f***ing great through this tour.
I don't know what the f*** is going on. 
He has been on top of his game.
I'm really sorry this has happened to you guys tonight…
I don't think there is much point trying to put anything together that makes any sense because this is Roger's show and he's not in good shape."
The crowd was completely supportive, cheering the 74-year-old as he explained what had happened and how the band hoped to return to honour their commitment to the show.
Townsend said; "We will publish a date for our return as soon as we can.
Let me explain one thing... 
We only do one day on, one day off.
This is because Roger's vocal surgeon insists he has a day off...
I swear to you we will come back and we will honour your tickets.
I love you so much and I'm sorry to let you down.
Following the show, the upcoming Friday and Sunday night concerts in Dallas and Denver were cancelled.
Their next show is on October 9 in San Francisco.
The band will open their UK tour in Manchester n March 16, 2020.
US deaths could result in Scottish ban on vaping and e-cigarette ads
A BAN on advertising for e-cigarettes and vaping products, is being considered by ministers.
The First Minister has confirmed that a consultation on the move would take place in "the coming months."
Nicola Sturgeon says that if evidence supports further moves over the sale of such products her Government would "not hesitate" to act.
It comes as it emerged a vaping-related illness had claimed two more lives, bringing the total number of fatalities to 11.
Vaping - which involves inhaling a mix typically made of nicotine, water, solvents and flavours - is seen as an alternative to smoking which can help you quit, but its safety is still not entirely known.
But in the US, more than 500 people are known to have fallen ill with a mysterious lung disease after smoking e-cigarettes.
Officials said hundreds of additional cases had been reported in the past week alone.
The first deaths in Florida and Georgia were announced on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Currently 38 states have recorded cases of the illness, with lives lost in eight states.
While most patients have reported a history of using products containing THC, the psychoactive compound in cannabis, the patient who died in Georgia on Wednesday reported only "heavy nicotine vaping."
The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has more than 100 officials investigating the cause of the mystery illness, and has warned citizens against smoking e-cigarette products until more is known, particularly if modified or bought "off the street."
The First Minister has confirmed the Scottish Government was monitorigin developments in the US and elsewhere "closely," following the loss of life that has been attributed to vaping.
She pointed out that to date they have not seen any cases of deaths attributed to vaping being reported in Europe.
Our approach has been a precautionary one, which is why in Scotland we have already taken the strictest regulatory approach in Europe to vapour products, she said.
The European tobacco products directive restricts the advertising of e-cigarettes and ensures that e-liquids cannot contain ingredients that are known to be harmful.
The directive also limits the concentration of nicotine in e-liquids.
In Scotland, we have also introduced a retail register and a mandatory age verification scheme and we have funded trading standards departments in all council areas to ensure that retailers comply with the regulations.
In the coming months, we will consult on introducing a complete ban on the advertising and promotion of vapour products."
She added: "It is important to stress, and for all of us to remember, that those devices are relatively new and, therefore, their impact continues to be studied.
We do not yet fully understand what that impact is, which is why the approach that we have taken has been very cautious.
That is perhaps a reason why e-cigarette use remains relatively low in Scotland.
We remain committed to following the best evidence to take any steps necessary to ensure that people are protected from potential harm.
While we already have among the strictest regimes on those products, if the evidence shows that further action is needed... we will not hesitate to take it.
School strikers around the world march to demand action on climate
Children around the world launched another wave of school strikes demanding action on climate change Friday, in their first major action since the issue topped world leader's agenda at the United Nations this week.
The Fridays for Future movement that began as a lone demonstration by Swedish teen Greta Thunbergjust over a year ago has mushroomed, with millions of students taking to the streets of cities like New Yorkand attracting attention in developing nations across Africa.
Some of the first protests began in New Zealand, where Thunberg saidorganizers estimated 170,000 people marched across the country.
There were also marches in cities in Italy, Finland, Nigeria, Austria and India, among other countries.
Friday's protest followed a week of climate talks at the United Nations in New York, which included a scathing speech by Thunbergto world leaders reprimanding them for inaction.
You have stolen my dreams and my childhood with your empty words, she said on Tuesday.
The eyes of all future generations are upon you and if you choose to fail us, I say we will never forgive you.
Citing a U.N.-backed reportreleased last year, demonstrators are demanding governments implement measures to prevent global temperatures from rising more than 2.7 degrees, which scientists warn result in dire consequences for human life and the planet.
Thunberg and the young people she has inspired say they will not stop their weekly classroom walkouts until they see a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions responsible for climate change.
In Nigeria's capital Abuja, Oladosu Adenike marked her 46th consecutive strike on Friday.
The activist posted images on Twitter of students dressed in blue school uniforms carrying banners with messages, "Climate change is real" and "We don't have time."
In Lausanne, Switzerland, where hundreds of climate strike organizers gatheredin August planning for this week's events, thousands of people marched through the city, according to local reports.
Thousands more were expected to take to the streets of Helsinki, Finland, where local media reportedthat the city's school would allow students to participate.
Thunberg, who remains in North America following her visit to the U.N., was scheduled to participate in climate strikes in Montreal, Canada.
Man set alight on doorstep 'in targeted attack'
A man has been set alight on his doorstep in what police believe is a targeted attack.
The 48-year-old was soaked in flammable liquid, believed to be petrol, before bursting into flames outside his home in Skelmersdale, West Lancashire.
He is in hospital in a critical but stable condition after suffering serious burns.
Police have launched an attempted murder inquiry after they were called to the man's house at about 1am on Thursday.
Detective Chief Inspector Pauline Stables, leading the investigation, said: "This is a horrific incident which has left a man in a very poorly condition in hospital.
We are carrying out a number of enquiries to try to identify those responsible.
While we are trying to establish a motive for what has happened, we do believe that the incident was targeted and I would like to stress that I don't believe there is any threat to the wider community at this time.
Someone out there knows who has done this and I would urge them to come forward and speak to us.
Has a loved one come home acting suspiciously, smelling of smoke or petrol or with unexplained injuries?
We need to find the people responsible for this dreadful crime.
The Next Big Labor Strike Hits Oregon
The state university workers" most pressing complaints center on low wages and a lack of dignity at work.
The pay disparities alone are shocking. 
About half of these workers earn less than $40,000 per year (and hundreds make less than $25,000). 
Meanwhile, university presidents" annual salaries average out to $500,000 and four university athletics coaches are pulling down a cool $1 million. 
While school administrators enjoy six-figure salaries and overall administrative spending continues to bloat, one in six classified staffers qualify for food stamps.
As Alejandro Segurra, another IT worker at Portland State University, said, "I'm willing to go on strike because I don't think it's fair that people are paid wages that don't allow them to live in the city that they serve."
Portland State library worker Theresa Stapleburg was even more direct: "I want to strike because I've been here 24 years, and I need a raise - a living wage."
As inflation climbs and the cost of living in Oregon soars, these workers are being left to flounder, and management has shown little sympathy for their plight. 
Contract negotiations that began in February broke down in mid-August. 
At that point, the bosses had laid out some particularly egregious proposals - a paltry cost-of-living increase, a denial of seniority demands from long-term university workers, and a price hike for staff meals - that workers saw as disrespectful, and even cruel.
There is an unwritten class system at the universities, Fulmer said. 
And we are at the bottom of it.
Education workers have been under attack for decades, he continued. 
We are finally standing up and fighting back.
It's one thing to see classism and the squeezing of the middle class in the corporate world as executives see their relatively obscene pay continue to go up at rates above inflation. 
But for the same thing to be happening in education is not something workers will continue to tolerate.
And Oregon's state university workers aren't the only ones taking action.
Oregon is a powder keg of militancy right now, and its fuse is now burning bright and hot.
Grocery store workers at the Fred Meyer supermarket chain are ramping up their campaign against their employer, and while there are no official plans to strike yet, tensions are running high; their union, United Food and Commercial Workers Local 555, has already called for a boycott, and filed an unfair labor practice report against the chain.
In the healthcare sector, the 4,500 members of the Service Employees International Union Local 49 workers at Kaiser Permanente authorized a strike (with a 98 percent approval rate) if a deal isn't reached before their existing contract expires in October - which was only narrowly avoided with a new tentative agreement. 
Elsewhere in the industry, the Oregon Nurses Association, which represents more than 120 nurses at Astoria Hospital, has been deadlocked in contract negotiations with the hospital administration; their last contract expired in May, and the clock is ticking.
Oregon has a really strong labor movement that is really building from the ground up, Burley explains. 
This is a part of the national wave of labor growth. 
People are seeing a precarious economy where real wages are falling and the solution is collective action in the workplace.
It's unclear just how deeply such collective action may take root this fall, but it certainly would be fitting if the general strike returned to the Northwest in 2019. 
And from there we can only hope that its spirit will spread even further, into the heart of Midwestern farming, Southern manufacturing, Texan oil fields, Appalachian coal mines, Northeastern construction, the Silicon Valley tech giants, and everywhere in between. 
Lord knows that something's gotta give.
Meghan to 'fulfil her heart's desires' and refuses let own needs 'fade away' amid her royal duties
Meghan Markle is determined to 'fulfil her heart's desires' and not let her own needs 'fade away' now she's a member of the Royal Family - and wants to be a role model for young boys as well as girls.
The Duchess of Sussex, 38, reportedly made the remarks during an event for inspiring female entrepreneurs at Woodstock Exchange in Cape Town earlier this week during her tour of South Africa with husband Prince Harry.
Woodstock Exchange, the UK-SA Tech Hub, focuses on skills development and access to markets by assisting entrepreneurs, particularly women, to acquire skills, resources and support.
The Ladies Who Launch meeting saw the former actress, 38, meet with several women who have set up their own businesses in industries such as technology, conservation and fashion and praise them for 'empowering the next generation' of creative minds.
During a conversation with the female tech founders Meghan, who has campaigned vigorously for the empowerment of young women and girls, said she hopes to do the same for young men.
Mother-of-two Naadiya Moosajee, a South African engineer, social entrepreneur and co-founder of Women in Engineering, revealed: 'We acknowledged the importance of not just education for girls but being role models for boys - that we are women who are influential and who boys can look up to as well,' People reports.
'We both have sons, and we were bearing in mind that we are not just role models for girls but boys - and not just our sons, but generally in public too.'
She added that having Meghan present 'didn't feel hierarchical', as it was 'women gathered together and a talk about the struggles we have, as well as the things we need to do to move forward and grow and change our societies'.
Matsi Modise, founder of skills training company Simodisa, said Meghan is determined to continue to champion the issues close to her heart despite being a member of the Fold.
'She talked about being a mother and having duties as a duchess and fulfilling what her heart desires - and that it can't just fade away now that you're a duchess,' Modise recalled.
'That you have to be true to who you are.'
She said the duchess pushed them to plough ahead with their new ideas and spoke about how they have to keep pushing and going forward, knowing they are doing it for others who will follow.
'She wasn't referring to being a royal, but life in general when you have challenges,' Modise added, admitting she felt a bit 'awestruck' by Meghan.
'She radiates grace and she is taking this task that she has with such grace,' Modise said.
A lot of us have done amazing things as founders, but meeting a royal is quite daunting.
She made it easy.
She is an easy-going royal.'
Meghan also revealed she's enjoying the pressures of being a working mother, admitting she finds juggling being a royal and looking after baby Archie 'a lot' but 'all so exciting'.
Speaking to mother-of-two Lara Rosmarin, CEO of Cape Innovation and Technology, Meghan said: 'We're only five months in right now.
Being a working mum and travelling as well with a baby, my goodness it's a lot, but it's all so exciting.
'There are days when it's a lot to juggle but then you meet someone and you have an impact on them and you say "ah-ha," and it's so rewarding.'
Meghan then went to the city's Mothers2Mothers organisation, which trains and employs women with HIV.
She took along some of Archie's baby clothes, including a onesie saying 'The Future' and his Invictus babygro which he no longer fits, alongside donations from her friends with children.
SNP could support Jeremy Corbyn as temporary PM to stop no-deal Brexit
The SNP has signalled it could support installing Jeremy Corbyn in Downing Street on a temporary basis to thwart a no-deal Brexit.
As tensions between MPs and Downing Street deepened, Nicola Sturgeon suggested it could row in behind the Labour leader as a caretaker prime minister until a general election.
Mr Corbyn called on rebel Tories and opposition MPs to back him to lead a temporary administration in August - but the move was met with resistance, particularly from the Liberal Democrat leader Jo Swinson.
Under the proposals, opposition parties would seek to oust Boris Johnson in a vote of no confidence and then form a unity government that would seek an extension to prevent the UK crashing out of the EU on 31 October.
The plan failed to gain cross-party support at the time, but senior figures in the SNP are concerned that Mr Johnson could defy a law forcing him to delay Brexit if there is no deal in place before 19 October.
Nicola Sturgeon, the SNP leader, suggested that Mr Corbyn could be brought in to secure the extension as leaving Mr Johnson in charge would be a "terrible idea."
Responding to a tweet suggesting installing the Labour leader or another temporary prime minister, she said: "Agree with this.
Vote of no confidence, opposition unites around someone for sole purpose of securing an extension, and then immediate general election.
Nothing is risk free but leaving Johnson in post to force through no deal - or even a bad deal - seems like a terrible idea to me."
Veteran MPs Harriet Harman and Ken Clarke have both been named as potential figures to lead a unity government but a senior SNP source insisted it had to be the Labour leader.
It is increasingly clear that we will have to install a new prime minister via a vote of no confidence, so that we can request a delay to Brexit and hold an election, the source told ITV's Robert Peston.
Trying to find a compromise candidate, a national unity candidate, is too complicated, especially in the time we have.
Whether people like it or not, the temporary prime minister has to be Corbyn.
An SNP spokesperson said the party was committed to stopping a no-deal Brexit and removing "this dangerous and undemocratic prime minister as soon as possible."
The spokesperson said: "It is now possible - if the political will is there - that parties could come together to ensure that the letter to secure an extension is not left in the hands of Boris Johnson and his cronies, who are determined to find a way to get around the Benn Act, but is instead sent by a temporary caretaker prime minister, who would be in office only as long as is necessary to send the letter, with an election held immediately afterwards.
We remain open to all options to achieve the aim of stopping a no-deal Brexit and getting rid of Boris Johnson.
Even with SNP support, it would come down to a knife-edge vote for Mr Corbyn.
There are 288 Tory MPs, as well as 10 Democratic Unionists, so the opposition would need some of the 34 independent MPs to come on board.
Labour argued that the plan was the "simplest and most democratic way to stop no deal."
However the Liberal Democrats believe a temporary government led by Mr Corbyn cannot achieve the necessary support across the House, as he would need the backing of ex-Tory MPs and defectors from his own party.
Kirstene Hair, Tory MP for Angus, said: "This report confirms what many have long suspected - SNP MPs will happily prop up Jeremy Corbyn in No10.
There is no doubt that Corbyn's weak stance on indyref2 is a deciding factor for the nationalists.
He has already left the door open for a re-run of the 2014 referendum if he becomes prime minister.
Only a Conservative government will stand up for those who voted No" in what was meant to be a once in a generation event."
Hungarian PM Orban defends his candidate for EU executive, "has solutions in pocket"
Prime Minister Viktor Orban has said he has several solutions "in his pocket" after Hungary's candidate for the European Commission was rejected.
The EU transport commissioner-designate, Romanian socialist politician Rovana Plumb, and the proposed commissioner for EU enlargement, former Hungarian justice minister Laszlo Trocsanyi, were told their confirmation hearings could not go ahead because of inconsistencies in their financial statements, Reuters reported.
I am convinced that [Trocsanyi] is the most suitable candidate for becoming member of the European Commission, Orban said.
His sin was that he helped the government and me... to protect Hungary from migration.
The move is seen as an embarrassment for Orban, who proposed Trocsanyi, and who has been in constant conflict with Brussels over his migration policy and other issues.
Cleveland police branded 'failing' in all areas by inspectors
Scandal-hit Cleveland police has become the first force to be branded "failing" in all areas by inspectors.
It has been rated inadequate overall and in three key areas by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS), which scrutinised its ability to reduce crime and keep people safe, operate efficiently, as well as the way it treats the public and its workforce.
The findings mean the force is effectively plunged into special measures, where the chief constable and police and crime commissioner are called before a national board and questioned about their plans to ensure "critical improvements" are made.
The home secretary could then step in to tackle the problem if no progress is made.
A string of scandals has plagued the force, covering Hartlepool, Redcar and Cleveland, Stockton and Middlesbrough in the north east of England.
It has seen six chief constables in almost as many years.
Former chief constable Sean Price was sacked for gross misconduct in 2012; seven officers were under investigation after journalists" phones were unlawfully monitored, and there have been long-standing claims of racism within the ranks.
Work practices were recently described by the chief inspector of constabulary as being about as "inefficient as you can possibly imagine," with officers having to share laptops and bodyworn cameras.
HM Inspector of Constabulary Phil Gormley said it was a "failing force" where there had been "significant" deterioration in the last two years.
Tees Valley mayor Ben Houchen said the report described the "worst findings ever into any police force in the country" which was "finally the official validation" that the force is "broken" and said the Home Office needed to intervene now.
He added: "It's no longer in dispute.
It is a fact described in black and white in this report.
The findings are some of the most distressing and shocking I have ever read.
Cleveland is one of 15 forces that has been recently inspected by HMICFRS inspectors, and the only one rated inadequate in all areas.
Gormley added: "The force doesn't appropriately prioritise crime prevention.
There is a lack of strategic direction, and the force doesn't allocate enough resources to prevention work …
It is failing to respond appropriately to vulnerable people, including children.
It is missing opportunities to safeguard them and exposing them to risk."
He said senior leaders were not consistently demonstrating "ethical behaviour," and the "inappropriate behaviour of senior leaders within Cleveland is so profound that it is affecting the efficiency and effectiveness of the force."
He added: "It doesn't consistently treat its workforce with fairness and respect and it doesn't effectively communicate with or engage its workforce; its processes aren't perceived to be fair and it doesn't understand its workforce well enough to support them."
Despite the findings, the force did receive a small amount of praise for the way it tackles serious and organised crime but was told it must improve the way it investigates crimes.
The force's police and crime commissioner Barry Coppinger said: "I am deeply concerned at the worrying contents of this report.
The force's recent performance is simply not good enough.
He said he had received assurances from the current chief constable Richard Lewis that "swift action" was taken as soon as he became aware of the failings.
Coppinger has been ordered by the Home Office to respond to the report within 56 days.
Lewis said the report would act "as a line in the sand" for the force, adding: "Improvements have already been made and I take full responsibility for driving through the changes that are so obviously needed.
In the five months I've been here I have met some exceptional police officers and staff, at all levels, and have seen lives saved and vulnerable people protected by the efforts and determination of frontline officers."
If drastic improvements are not made quickly enough, the Government could step in, as it can when prisons are failing.
But so far politicians have never had to resort to this measure with police forces, inspectors said.
Kit Malthouse, minister for crime, policing and fire, said he welcomed the chief constable's "swift action to address these failings and will be monitoring the position closely," adding: "Transparency and accountability are vital for public trust in policing.
Don't use my wife's name to score points, says husband of murdered MP Jo Cox
The husband of Jo Cox said his wife's name must not be used to score political points after Jeremy Corbyn last night posted footage of the murdered MP to criticise Boris Johnson.
The Labour leader's film featured clips of Mrs Cox and a vigil held after her death, with the caption: "Boris Johnson does not care about violence on our streets."
Critics said Mr Corbyn was using her murder to score "cheap political points" while her husband Brendan Cox said the Labour leader was "wrong" to infer hateful language was a "simple party political issue."
Mr Cox said: "Jeremy is right that the best way to honour Jo is to defeat hatred and division.
He's also right the PM has a particular responsibility.
But he's wrong to infer this is a simple party political issue.
Jo was passionately Labour but some things must transcend party politics.
He also shared a post which said Jo Cox's name was "more than a political scoring point" with the caption "This. Thank you."
Mr Corbyn was facing a backlash for his video which opens with him talking about Mrs Cox's murder three years ago by a far-Right activist in her West Yorkshire constituency.
Speaking over a montage of clips of Mrs Cox, Mr Johnson and female MPs, Mr Corbyn said: "This Prime Minister knows these words can promote violence and have real consequences.
He wants division.
Clearly, he doesn't care about the violence on our streets."
He goes on to criticise Mr Johnson and call for a Labour government.
Mr Corbyn added: "Many are deeply concerned about the language used by Boris Johnson, language which is being repeated by the far-Right.
When this was raised with him by women MPs, who themselves face death threats, he arrogantly dismissed them.
It was nothing short of disgraceful."
Former Labour MP John Woodcock shared the video and said: "You can really shut up. Disgusting."
Meanwhile Tory MP and business minister Nadhim Zahawi said: "You are so wrong to use Jo Cox in this way, when her family have specifically asked for her not to be used in this way.
To be kept out of politics.
If you have an ounce of decency Jeremy Corbyn you would take this video down.
It follows a row over language in Parliament this week in which Mr Johnson said that the "best way" to honour Mrs Cox was to "get Brexit done."
Her sister Kim Leadbeater called for a dialling down of extreme language saying it was "not helpful to Jo's kids."
She told ITV: "For me to come out and say outrageous things about Boris Johnson - I just don't think that's a useful way of moving forward.
I can say what I think is right and what I think is wrong but I'm going to try and do that in a measured manner."
The daughter of Labour MP Yvette Cooper spoke out yesterday to say she constantly fears for her mother's life because of the way people speak about politicians.
